/*
Stuff to do:
1. Receive match data as input
	a) Match number
	b) Teams in alliance
	c) Match scores
	d) Autonomous winner
2. Track teammates and opponents of each team
3. Determine team W-L-T records, plus AP and SP
4. Create matrices of team alliances and opponents and score sums
5. Invert square matrices from step 4
6. Multiply inverse matrix from step 5 by the score sum matrix from step 4
7. Store OPR, DPR, and CCWM values for each team
8. Ask for which stat to sort by (OPR, DPR, CCWM, record)
9. Sort by requested stat
10. Write sorted list to console
*/

/*
How to do:

1. Use cin and cout
2. 
	a) Create arrays of each team's allies and opponents
	b) Add team numbers to array
3.
	a) Receive match data
	b) Determine win, loss, or tie for each team
		i) Compare scores
	c) Add lower score to all four teams' SP
	d) Receive auton winner's color
	e) Add AP for each auton win
4.
	a) Create 2 square matrices, each with dimensions of the number of teams
	b) Create 2 matrices of dimensions 1 by number of teams
	c) Populate the square matrices of 4a with alliance and opponent scores, respectively
	d) Populate matrices of 4b with sums of all alliance and opponent scores, respectively
5. Do Gaussian elimination on square matrices to make them an identity matrix
	a) Divide top row by first number
	b) Zero out first term by multiplying top row by leading numbers and subtracting
	c) Continue to do this for each row, moving down and right
	d) Do same operations on identity matrices of same dimensions to make inverse matrices
6. Multiply inverse matrices from 5d by corresponding matrices from 4d
7.
	a) Resulting 1 x number of teams matrices contain OPR (alliance) and DPR (opponent) stats for each team
	b) Add OPR and DPR stats to get CCWM
	c) Write all 3 stats to an array for each team
8. Use cin and cout to ask user for stat to sort by
9. Sort by stat
	a) Try bubble sort at first due to simplicity
	b) Switch to block sort for improved big O complexity
10. Use cout to write teams to console with rankings

*/